In this exercise, we are going to find a solution of finding a word of a specific number of letters,
for example, finding one letter word or three letter word.
In this exercise, we have to find the word of specific number of letters.
Let's take a sample string, you and I, flying in the sky.
Now, if you want to find one letter word, then the result will be I.
If you find a three letter word, then the result will be you and the and sky.
Obviously, we have to find a word.
So first we should use the word boundary slash B around the pattern, slash W four word characters and
quantifier, where we use curly brackets and number of letters.
So it can be one or three in curly brackets, quantifier curly brackets, one for one letter and curly
brackets, three for three letters.
So the pattern for one letter search will be slash B slash W, one letter word again, slash B, and
for a three letter word instead of one, we will use three.
Let's call it practically.
First, we will write the code for a single letter.
I will declare the variable.
Let str is equal to you and I flying in the sky.
Let pattern is equal to slash b w of course one letter slash B again and slash G.
For global search, let's use the match method.
I will say console.log string dot match the pattern.
So now we have AI as a result.
Now let's try to search for three letter words.
I'll just change one and replace it with three.
Let's run the code now in the output.
We have all three letter words you can use quantifier to fix number of letters with slash W, and if
you give slash B, then it's going to find the whole word for that many number of letters.